Hey
I told you before
You don’t have to do that for me. I can do it myself
I also told you before
You’re my boyfriend
I can take care of you
I’m serious
You don’t have to do everything for me
What’s wrong?
Why so serious?
Is it because of the job?
Yea
The company that contacted me
It’s a direct sale company
Pin just went there for an interview
It’s okay
Whatever happens
I’m here beside you
About work…
You just have to wait. No need to hurry
We have to help each other
We both graduated
Look at me
Wait for me
I don’t want…
I don’t want you to suffer because of me
I get to see you after work everyday
I already feel that my power is fully charged
Thank you
Sure
I’m free today. Is there anywhere you want to go?
Um…
Our house is so messy
Let’s do Big Cleaning Day
I will be your assistant
Let’s do it
Ewww
Catch
Wish
Gotcha
I’m losing followers again?
Your vlog is not fun anymore. Nonsense
You should change some content. Other channels are doing so much better than yours
(Content creator for hire)
The room is finally clean
The room is clean
But how about you? Are you clean yet?
You should take a shower now
You’re sweaty. You’re making our bed dirty
Wait for me
Who’s here?
Here
You’re interrupting my precious time
Why are you so angry?
What were you doing?
What?
I was going to take a shower
Taking a shower?
Yes
You dress like this to take a shower?
What’s wrong with you?
Showering…
What’s the matter?
The thing is
Aeoy doesn’t approve any of our work
It’s a disaster
And you know what
Our boss blamed me that I misunderstood her briefing
I called you and you didn’t pick up
I didn’t pick up?
I don’t know what were you doing?
Aeoy is bad. Aeoy is the worst. She can’t do this to us. Our boss is wrong
Someone is trying to go off-topic
What should we do?
Meeting tomorrow at 10 AM
What? But it’s weekend
Client wants it that way
What are you going to do?
My weekend
Hello, Art
Hello
We meet at last
Why are you looking at him like that?
He’s mine
He’s cute
I cannot even look at him?
Are you guys talking about work?
I will wait for you upstairs then
I will go up soon
I will go up soon…
Why do you have to hurry?
You boyfriend is cute
Of course, he is
I want to marry him
If there’s any work, let me know
I want to earn more money
You want to save money for your marriage?
Do you want to be a content creator?
Really?
Yes
I will send con to you
What con?
Condo?
What?
Condom?
Contact?
What?
That’s the right answer!
Don’t say what again
What?
Why do I have to make these lame jokes with you?
Big Cleaning Day
There’re so many dusts
Lucky me. No pimples
Hello
Where is your friend?
Is he late?
It’s just me today
You can tell everything to me. I will let him know about it. We’re in the same team
Okay. That’s good
There’s nothing much
I’m here to cancel the work
What?
You didn’t mishear it
I have a new team to work with already
The thing is…
I don’t want to wait for you guys
Such a waste of time
Do you know why we wasted so much time?
Because your brief doesn’t make any sense
How about the creator content job? Do you still think it’s a waste of time?
I actually like your idea
I’m okay if you want to do it
What about…
My pay?
About that, you can request it
But I need you to be on-time
If you’re lazy
If you’re addicted to you girlfriend
I don’t think you’re qualified for the job
I will do it
Here is my proposal. I think it can increase the engagement
You can check it first if you want to add or get rid of anything
I want to attract younger audience
You’re so pretty
Got it
Also…
What’s your name?
Gosh! Can you let me work first?
Aeoy
Calm down
He’s just a kid
I’ll talk to him
Bro
Don’t disturb her
Let us work first
Okay?
Okay
Let’s shake hand
Where’s your hand?
I’m so sorry
Didn’t I tell you not to disturb other people?
Bye bye
I’ll find you later
Aeoy
I will be right back
Where are you?
You’re working today too?
Are you coming back to eat?
Um…
I’m hungry
Should we order something to eat?
Sure
What do you want to eat? Spaghetti?
Sure. Up to you
Spaghetti Carbonara
Salmon salad
Fish and Chips
Baked spinach with cheese
Wow
You eat so much but you're so skinny
Because I’m too skinny that’s why I eat a lot
Can I take a picture with you?
Sure
Thank you
Is he your boyfriend?
You can take a picture with us too
Really?
Yes
Come on. Let’s take more
One. Two. Three
Thank you so much
Thank you
Why were you doing?
It’s just a joke. Fan service. Do you know?
Don’t be serious
Don’t be serious…
They all look so good
You can start eating first
You first
No. You first
Let me take pictures first then
Right…
Where should I put this?
You ordered so many
Can you hold this for me?
Don’t put it down yet. Let me take a picture first
I need to find the right lightning
This one goes in
Move a bit
Hello, Kong
Where are you?
I’m working, obviously. I’m at my hair salon
There are so many clients
Did you fight with your boyfriend again?
Because of Two
I don’t know what work he’s doing
I feel that he is close to a girl
I found a picture of him with that girl
It’s just work
He is so crazy about work
I understand that
I trust Two
It’s the girl that I don’t trust
I will tell you something
You don’t have to be worried
You guys have been through so much together
Have faith in Two
Okay?
Stop feeling down
Okay. I will try
Thank you so much
Dude. Stop. What are you thinking?
I said there’s nothing
It’s just work
Why are you not telling me anything?
Whatever
I’m going now
I want to poo
Bye
You’re not sleeping yet?
No
You were so loud
I couldn’t sleep
What are you doing?
Oh
I was going to charge the phone for you
Trust me
Don’t think too much
There’s nothing
Everything that I do is for us
I know
It’s just work
I'm going to sleep now
Black coffee from a person with black heart
Wow
How was your weekend?
Why?
There’s nothing
Normal
Nothing much
Nothing more?
Just that?
You were working with Aeoy
Aeoy…
You have no right to say anything
Why?
You
Ditch
Me
I will remember this
I’m sorry
I will say no more
You ditch me
I will help you remember
We both remember
I remember
You ditch me
I ditch you
You understand?
Yes
You ditch me
I ditch you
Someone is going off-topic again
Give it to me
If you’re not going to eat it then I will eat it
I’m eating it
You have more desserts everyday
I don’t know what they are though
They all look so weird
I haven’t seen the two aunties today
Do you have more aunties that provide you food support?
Come on
I don’t think so
These things actually tasty
Hey
Hello
Can you go to the award ceremony with me tonight?
Huh?
Me?
What time do you finish working?
We’re done since 5 PM
Stop being nosy
See you
Don’t be late
Come on
Just go with her
We’re all in the same team
You should help her if you can
Just a bit
Go away
What the hell?
Where is my snack?
Go away
Just a bit of salt, sugar, and pepper
Is this sugar or salt?
Whatever. I will just put it in
Pepper
He works until very late
I’ll give this to him at the office then
Put this into the oven
Done
OMG! The sun!
Where are you going after this?
I have some business
Right…some business
See you
Thank you so much
Wait
Thank you for coming with me
You were dragging me to go with you
I will pay you then
No worry
Hello, Pin
What did you do to Wish?
What ?
You should clear things up with him
He’s at Gun’s house
Go there asap
I don’t think he’s okay
Okay. I will go there now
Wait
What is it?
I have to go and see my boyfriend now
I have something to tell you
I like you
I think you know it
But I have a boyfriend already
I love him very much
I know that you have a boyfriend
I have a fiance too
So?
I’m just thinking
Male-male relationship won’t last long
I don’t love my fiance anymore
When I’m with you, my feeling becomes clearer
I think you shouldn’t judge other people’s relationship
It doesn’t matter what gender I'm attracted to
Or the feelings that you have for me
For me
You’re just my client
Do you think you’re special?
I’m not
You’re just a normal person
I’m also a normal person
I’m a normal person who doesn’t have any feelings for you
Excuse me
Calm down
I think
You should listen to him first
I don’t understand why
The person you thought you know the most
Turns out that you didn’t understand him at all
You guys have been together for so many years
Just because this one incident
You look at him differently?
I don’t know
Just think about it carefully
These past few years
He is so caring
He always takes care of you
Two even talked to me about asking you to marry him
Marry?
I’ll be right back
What are doing here?
I’m here to explain
I’m here to explain what you misunderstand
Misunderstand?
I misunderstand?
I saw the photos. I saw your chat
You guys were walking together
And you said I misunderstand you?
Listen to me carefully
She hired me to be a content creator
There’s nothing more than that
The reason I didn’t tell you is because I’m scared
I’m scared that you will think too much
I’m scared that you will feel bad
I’m scared that you will feel that you are my burden
I don’t want you to think that way
I want you to trust me
Everything that I do
Is for our marriage
I used to believe you
But you ruined it by your own hands
I’m sorry
I should have told you since the beginning
I think we should take a break from one another
I want to stay alone
So, you don’t have to be tired
You don’t have to work hard for me
You don’t have to keep hiding and lying to me
Please take care of him for me
Please take good care of him
I know
Thank you so much
Bye bye
You miss him, right?
You’re right
I miss him so much
Are you going back soon?
How about you?
You haven’t eaten
You will die in this office
I know
I will work for a bit
I will go back home soon
You can go back first
Are you sure?
I’m going back first then
Don’t go back home late
See you
Why are you coming back? Did you forget something?
Here
You’re hungry, right? I have some leftover
I miss you so much
Don’t disappear on me again
I’m here with you now
I cannot live without you too
You can let me go now
Give me one more chance
Can you be my boyfriend again?
Let me think about it
Please
I will give you the answer later
If you’re not giving me the answer
I will kiss you now
Huh?
Fine. I’m your boyfriend
We're back together. I can kiss you now